Added Bhyve virtualization tutorial (#326)
haiku/website: content/guides/virtualizing/bhyve.md

Before proceeding with the tutorial, you will have to make a few system configurations in order to be able to move on in a smooth manner.

##### CA Certificates

Since Haiku images can be fetched securely only via [HTTPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS), you will need to download some [CA root certificates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_authority), as FreeBSD does not ship with them by default. In order to do that, you will need to install the `security/ca_root_nss` package, which is a part of the [FreeBSD ports](https://www.freebsd.org/ports/).

```sh
# feel free to skip this process if you have done it before.
portsnap fetch
portsnap extract

cd /usr/ports/security/ca_root_nss
make install clean
```

Now, follow through the process, and you will be able to fetch the image file securely.

> ##### Networking & Kernel Preparations <a name="part_download"></a>

Reviewer: "part_download"  would be the section further down

Author: I accidentally left that out as I was rearranging the article and restructuring sentences, among the vast majority of the other mistakes on here.

Since `bhyve` consists of kernel modules that ship with FreeBSD by default, you do not need to install the core part of `bhyve`.

However, you will need to load the modules manually in order to use `bhyve`.

```sh
kldload vmm
kldload nmdm
kldload if_bridge
kldload if_tap
```

> However, the kernel modules will only remain loaded until you reboot your machine. In order to make the changes permanent, edit `/boot/loader.conf` by adding:

Reviewer: Maybe skip the "However" here, as you already have one in the previous sentence.

```sh
# Kernel modules
vmm_load="YES"
nmdm_load="YES"
bridge_load="YES"
tap_load="YES"
```

Now, run the following commands in order to create a network device and a bridge for your virtual machine, in order to make a network bridge (`bridge0`) that is linked to the virtual device `tap0`.

```sh
sysctl net.link.tap.up_on_open=1
sysctl net.inet.ip.forwarding=1

ifconfig tap0 create
ifconfig bridge0 create

ifconfig bridge0 addm tap0
```

But the problem is that the device `tap0` itself is not linked to any physical, working internet source. This means that even though you may have made the network bridge, you still need to link `tap0` to a physical network device. In my case, the device that I need to use is `re0`, but you can find yours by running `ifconfig`.

```sh
ifconfig bridge0 addm re0
```

Lastly, you want to run the following:

```sh
ifconfig bridge0 up
```

Now, make your changes permanent by editing `/etc/sysctl.conf/` and appending the following:

```sh
sysctl net.link.tap.up_on_open=1
sysctl net.inet.ip.forwarding=1
```

### Downloading the Haiku Anyboot image <a name="part_download">

> Now that you have made the necessary changes to your system, you can now obtain a Haiku anyboot image securely, which will be necessary for the creation of a Haiku virtual machine. You will need to install `wget`, in order to fetch the image file from the internet. Because of the fact that Haiku image files are packed alongside with a `ReadMe` file inside of a `.zip` archive, you will need the `unzip` package in order to extract the image file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have made the necessary changes to your system, you can securely obtain a Haiku anyboot image. You will need to install `wget` to download the image file and because it's packed in a  `.zip` archive together with a `ReadMe` file, you will need the `unzip` package to extract it.
```

```sh
pkg install wget unzip
```

After installing the two packages, we will fetch the archive containing the anyboot image file and then unzip it. For the purposes of this tutorial, the download of the 64-bit `r1beta1` from a specific Haiku mirror located in *East Coast, Germany* will be demonstrated, but if you want to choose a different mirror or a different version, then please consult the website [here](https://www.haiku-os.org/get-haiku/) and replace the following link accordingly.

```sh
wget https://s3.wasabisys.com/haiku-release/r1beta1/haiku-r1beta1-x86_64-anyboot.zip 
unzip haiku-r1beta1-x86_64-anyboot.zip
```

> As mentioned earlier, following files will be extracted in your current working directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned earlier, following the files will be extracted in your current working directory:
```

Author: Corrected: *the following files*.

- `haiku-release-anyboot.iso`
- `ReadMe.md`

We will need the `haiku-release-anyboot.iso` file later, in order to virtualize Haiku.

### Installing and running Haiku from an Anyboot image <a name="part_iso"></a>

Now that you have made the required configurations, as well as the networking configurations, you may want to make a new folder in order to keep things clean, and then move your Haiku anyboot image there.

```sh
mkdir haiku-vm
mv haiku-release-anyboot.iso haiku-vm
cd haiku-vm
```

> Great! Now you have a dedicated directory to work on, create a virtual disk for your virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Great! Now that you have a dedicated directory to work on, create a virtual disk for your virtual machine.
```

```sh
# feel free to adjust the number 16G according to your needs
truncate -s 16G haiku-guest.img
```

In order to simplify the process, we will use `vmrun.sh`, an example script which can be found in the `/usr/share/examples/bhyve` folder.

```sh
cp /usr/share/examples/bhyve/vmrun.sh .
sh vmrun.sh -c1 -E -i -I haiku-release-anyboot.iso haiku
```

> - `-c1` stands for the amount processor cores that will be allocated for the machine. In this scenario, we are using 1 core, which is a recommended option.

Reviewer: amount -> number

Author: Corrected to *number of*.

- `-E` boots the the machine in UEFI mode.
- `-i` forces the boot of the a

> nyboot image.

Reviewer: unintentional  linebreak

Author: My window wasn't wide open, as I was currently reviewing the help output of the `vmrun.sh` script at the time. Fixed, excuse me for that one.

> - `-I` specifies the location of the image file. In this case, since we have placed `haiku-release-anyboot.iso` in our current working directory, so this should suffice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-I` specifies the location of the image file. In this case, since we have placed `haiku-release-anyboot.iso` in our current working directory, the file name should suffice.
```

- `haiku` stands for the name of the virtual machine, which can be modified or changed.

Some additional parameters which could prove to be useful are the following:

- `-m` can change the allocated memory size, which is `512M` by default.

> - `-v` is an option that delays the boot, until you connect with a VNC client to the host machine. The default port of the VNC server is `5900`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-v` is an option that delays the boot until you connect with a VNC client to the host machine. The default port of the VNC server is `5900`.
```

- `-P` allows you to change the port of the VNC server.

> You can also run use the `--help` parameter if you need more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `--help` parameter if you need more information. 
```
